AI product types: (AI must be integrated to a experience to add value)
-----------------
0-1 -> pplying an emerging technology or model to a new product to create an experience 
that did not exist before. 
- develop the product, but also to find a market fit for the novel technology.

1-to-n ->  enhancing, expanding, or adapting an existing product. 
- you may have a better understanding of the product–market fit. 
You can think of 1-to-n products as derivative products or feature upgrades.

AIPDL ( AI product dev lifecycle)

1) Ideation:

Step 1: Adopt an innovation-first mindset

- identify the AI features that would benefit your target user segment
- make and test hypotheses and to start again from scratch if you can’t validate them.

- An AI PM’s role isn’t just to generate new ideas and recognize opportunities 
for innovation—places where AI is uniquely positioned to have a significant impact.

- the aim of the ideation phase is to identify potential use cases in untapped markets 
and address the pain points of a particular user segment. This requires brainstorming, 
extensive market research, hypothesizing, and collaboration with AI researchers. Collaboration 
is critical, as hypotheses are rigorously tested through prototypes and market fit experiments. 
Each experiment’s feedback cycle is geared 
toward refining the AI solution to fill market gaps and respond to user needs. 

- Regardless of the product type, ideas should always be user-centric. 
The ideation stage involves identifying the target user and understanding their use cases, 
needs, and pain points.

Step 2: Understand AI-powered features and their capabilities

Step 3: Brainstorm with your team

Step 4: Know your customers by using the RICE framework



2) Opportunity:


3) Developing a concept/prototype


4) Testing and analysis


5) Rollout

- Marketing plan should define clear target user segments, communicate strong messaging, 
and select the optimal channels to promote the product, such as television, 
print, and social media

- Releasing previews and offering early access is a great way to create a buzz 
and build anticipation.


